// see how to structure line-by-line interaction

Hey! [show continue tut img]

hey you! check this out

[flash light on grappling hook.]

[show mvt tut img, if exit collider, light off]

[enter collider, show grab tut img]

[onGrab] it’s a grappling arm, you armless sea cucumber!

I don’t know HOW HQ knew that you could use one, but they sent me alllllllll the way here to sell it to you.

……??

what do you mean you don’t know who I am?

I’m NINA! Remember that name!

You’re in my shop! Welcome to Nowhere Express!

[load shop scene and daylight]

We’re in Buraco village, on a tropical island in the southern part of the Seorim Empire.

On the way here, I saw a beautiful blue hole in the middle of the island. The villagers told me they used to fish, play and swim there peacefully.

Well, it WAS peaceful, until that day YOU went swimming in the hole.

Actually, shouldn’t you be the one telling me all this? This is your village, your island! I’m just a travelling merchant! I just got here!

Anyway, the villagers said that you saw 2 lights glowing in the water.

You swam after it, and before you knew it,

BAM! YOUR ARM WAS BITTEN OFF!!

*muttering* honestly, skill issue

So the villagers hauled you to the shore, barely escaping the fishes that had turned berserk.

From that day on, no one dared to go swimming in the hole again. Not with those glowing things in the water.

That was 3 years ago.

So today, i’m glad you finally get your arm back. Here you go!

[hint player to put it on attach point. on attach,]

…and that will be 100000G.

…what do you mean you don’t have enough?

no no no, i can’t give you a discount. stop giving me those puppy eyes.

hmm……

oh!

tell you what, i have a deal.

on the way here, while getting out of the helicopter, the worst thing happened in my life.

my chou chou dropped into the hole.

I CANT LIVE WITHOUT MY CHOU CHOU!!! I GO EVERYWHERE WITH IT!! MY BED FEELS SO EMPTY!!!

so, if you could hop in there and grab it for me, i’ll pay for your grappling hand.

Deal?

Okay the plot dictates that you have no choice haha

oh, and there’s a HUGE market for Buraco fish meat. but the fish here are too ghostly to grab. I heard that it’s like grabbing the wind.

But that’s alright. I’ll give you a gun to shoot them with once you return to the surface.

I’ll collect the fish bits for sale and give you a commission for each fish! What a great boss I am!

Right, that’s enough yapping from me. Time to snag that chou chou!

Nowhere Express, Convenience in catastrophe!

[highlight the door. player starts the game]